Xiaoyuan Jianxin is good
I wonder how you are doing in the village
Is the home safe?
Big brother knows that it is not easy for you to go to the countryside
This 10 yuan is your pocket money.
Don't worry, Mom won't know.
Wait for my big brother to be admitted to the military academy
I will go back to tutor you during the holidays.
Why are you crying?
You dare not tell your big brother.
You are married
My eldest brother is the best person in my family for me.
I'm sure I have to talk to him about it.
That's okay.
Just tell him directly that you married me
No.
Your people don't like those twisted things
If he has a problem with me
You can come to me directly.
What are you doing?
Beat you
Then he can try
My big brother will definitely have no opinion
But my mom and my brother
You must have a big opinion of me.
And he sent me these 10 dollars.
I thought my family didn't know
But they can do it with their toes.
This is less money to send back.
Come to me
I think
It really doesn't matter if you don't have a good relationship with your family.
When you become stronger
No one can do anything to you
You don't feel bad about your family
Is your character bad?
I don't have a good relationship with my family either.
Really?
But that's a long story, so let's ignore it.
By the way, this is the food I prepared for you.
And
salary
You are thanking me for taking care of you
That's too much.
Then my salary and all my belongings
Shouldn't my woman be in charge?
Who is your woman?
It seems to be reversed.
I'm in your account book
Then I should be your man
It's not true.
True or false
Anyway, I will give you my salary in the future.
And I believe
You can double them very quickly.
Oh.
The co-author is calculating me and asking me to make money for you
Why don't you want to?
For the sake of your sincerity
You are satisfied
I'm going to cook
Add dishes tonight
You better not let me down